---
title: "convert"
bg: '#111111'
color: white
fa-icon: exchange
---


alright so you want to get your pesky, complicated, nested json into a nice clean csv format. here's what you need to do:

step 1 - email your json file to `convert@hyperclone.com` with the fields you would like to retain.

for example if your json looks like this:

{% highlight text %}
{"name":"yan","age":52,"friends":[{"name":"jack","age":46},{"name":"jill","age":57},{"name":"preceval","age":41}]}
{"name":"joe","age":23,"friends":[{"name":"bethany","age":15,"fav_movie":"the big lebowski"},{"name":"steve","age":46},{"name":"rich","age":50,"fav_show":"star trek"}]}
{% endhighlight %}

you could keep fields:

{% highlight text %}
name
friends.0.name
friends.0.age
friends.1.name
friends.1.age
friends.2.name
friends.2.age
friends.2.fav_show
{% endhighlight %}

which would yeild a csv like:
{% highlight text %}
name,friends.0.name,friends.0.age,friends.1.name,friends.1.age,friends.2.name,friends.2.age,friends.2.fav_show
yan,jack,46,jill,57,preceval,41,None
joe,bethany,15,steve,46,rich,50,"star trek"
{% endhighlight %}

step 2 - wait for confirmation email, confirming your request and approving it. if theres something wrong our system will usually catch it at this step and we can fix it.

step 3 - wait to get your csv file back.

Alright, you've got a clean copy and are ready to push some schmancy pages for the world to ogle at.

- Edit `_config.yml` to change your title, keywords, and description.
- Create a new file in `_posts/` called `2014-01-01-intro.md`
  Edit it, and add:



- Create a second post called `2014-01-02-art.md` with an divider image this time:

{% highlight text linenos=table %}
---
title: "Art"
bg: turquoise  #defined in _config.yml, can use html color like '#0fbfcf'
color: white   #text color
fa-icon: paint-brush
---

#### A new section- oh the humanity!
{% endhighlight %}

**Note:** That part `fa-icon: paint-brush` will use a font-awesome icon of [paint-brush](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/icon/paint-brush/). You can use any icon from this [font-awesome icon directory](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/icons/).

- install Jekyll with `sudo gem install github-pages`
- run `jekyll serve -w`
  - visit [localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) to see a live locally served preview.
- Push changes and see them live!




## **Changing your colors**
{: style="margin-top:100px;"}

- In each post file you can define `bg: mycolor` and `color: myothercolor` to change the background and text colors for that section.
- **mycolor** can be a quoted html color like `'#0fbfcf'` or a key to a special color defined in **_config.yml** under 'colors'.
  - **Note:** Changes to _config.yml require a manual restart to your local server with `^C` and `jekyll serve -w`.

Nifty, right!



### Also see **README.md** [*on github!*](https://github.com/t413/SinglePaged#usage)
{: style="margin-top:100px;"}


